Minimum viable product, you define
the metrics very well, you start measuring
it and there comes a moment when you
say, well, this makes a lot of sense,
because the metrics are demonstrating
it to me and at that moment I understand
that, well, you have reached
Product Market Fit or there would
be things that you did not have yet
validated and so, does more funding
come in or how do you do it?
How can you give them?
Yes, exactly, I think that more
and more the business angel sector,
the going to reach a level of
financing is always more and
more dynamic.
What does that mean?
I don't do one round now in two years,
I do another and I do one hour
of a million and in a year or a
half I do another of five, no.
That is, more and more what we see
is that, especially in a B2C business,
where there are many things to
validate, more and more are rounds
more successive but smaller, where
each of them is or tries to validate
a thesis, a milestone, yes, a
steak to which you have come,
and that has been in our case, more
and more, and that is a little
in relation to risk, that is, in
the end raising money at first
or raising a lot of money at first
will cost you a valuation for
your lower business status
and also you probably don'
t need that money.
We have always preferred to make
smaller rounds, suitable for
a certain valuation and go to
do more successive rounds.
In the end if you have internal investors
who are happy with the business,
because you are demonstrating
an evolution, they are accompanying
you for a certain part of the company'
s life, obviously there
is a certain time when it is
no longer for them that stage
of investment and other players
enter, but those others can
also accompany you for
a while.
What phase are you now, that
is, if we already draw,
take advantage and draw all the...
Yes, we formed the company two
years ago, we launched the product
to the market a year ago and ten
months or less and now we are
in Spain as markets, we are in
Spain, we are in Italy and we
are in the UK and at the level of
rounds, as you commented,
we have done several, we have
done from Friends and Family,
from...
And if we identify the rounds, as
you said, the different milestones
or stages, how would Friends
and Family be for the first validation
of the idea?
Friends and Family to validate the idea
and validate the team, and there is
one that I will tell you in each phase.
Then there would be the Sit phase, where
it is validation already with first
market metrics, that is, there is a
product fit with the market and in that
case the Spanish market.
Then you make a presery where...
Sorry, we are still in the team.
In the pressery there is a phase of bringing
this to other countries on the
international side.
What is the importance of this presence?
Can you tell us later if not?
The prize was 3 million, the sit-
on-one series, Friends and Family
small from 40 to 100 thousand
euros.
And then, as I said, I would press internationalization
of business and we continue
with team.
And then we did a series just three
months ago, and that would be of
greater amount.
Basically what we try to validate
is, you have a product that
you know how to launch it to new
countries, you have a product
that retains users, you
have a product that grows quite
organically, or we will replicate
that in other countries.
And being able to increase talent
within the team, to have
better knowledge, etc.
I said there is a cross
that is the team.
And in fact, if you have had
the opportunity to talk to some VCs
partners or if you have it, I think
ask it and you will see that there
is always the team part.
And that is very well seen with
second entrepreneurs who have had
success in their first or
previous experiences, as the part
above all of getting funding
and much higher speeds.